In this video, we are going to go ahead
and tackle the Spring Data JPA pet
service, our pet type service, I mean to
say so. Number 42.
I'm going to toggle over to IntelliJ
and we'll start tackling this. I'm going
to collapse the model directory. What
we are going to do is PetTypeMapService
You know, I'm going to go
split-screen here, so I have the original
map implementation up top, and down
bottom, we are going to go ahead and
start working on the implementation.
I'm going to come in here and say a new
Java class. We'll follow the same
naming conventions so PetTypeService PetType Spring Data SD
JpaService.
Again, I'm just going to follow this one
as a template. We'll grab the service
and profile.
I have a couple more of these to
implement. It's large like cookie cutter.
If you want to skip ahead, I have no
problem with that at all. I'm kind of
showing the same things, but some people
like to to see everything coded out so
I'm going to code out all these on video.
But if you're getting bored with this, it
will not offend me if you want to skip
ahead a couple videos. The next two or
three videos are going to be fairly
cookie cutter. So now, we want to come in
here and add in the repository, so I do
private final
PetTypeRepository
and add in the constructor, which is going
to take in single parameter. We want
to implement this PetTypeService, so
let's come down here.
That is the interface. Just a
reminder, we have variants of the CRUD
service for each of our domain types.
We are going to be implementing those
services and then later we'll be able to
allow Spring to pick which
implementation we want. So now, we want to
return back. Remember here, we have the
Set. Just create a new HashSet and then
we iterate over the result set from find
all. So let's go ahead and delete this.
Set PetType
petTypes equals
new HashSet, and now, we want to say
petTypeRepository
findAll
forEach and we are going to say petTypes
clinical add for a method
reference. Now we can return back pet
Types like so. Add a
semicolon there and clean up some of
that wide space.
petType
Repository find by ID. That's going to take in
the parameter aLong or else
null. So if findById doesn't return back
a value, we are going to return back null
because the find by ID as a reminder
their turns back an optional.
Now we say petTypeRepository save.
We can implement
the delete method,
and then finally
also implement
deleteById which is going to take an
ID value aLong and that implements
everything that we needed. You get
red squiggly there. Which aren't you
happy about?
Had extra equal sign there. So now, that
we'll be happy and that was issue number
42 so we'll go ahead and commit and
close out that issue.
I'll get this up into a GitHub
for you guys.